alright so i gotta go right now but I'm
filming is there anything you want to
say to the to the homies in the blog
before i get out of my car
ah mat something appropriate you can't
say that either these are the young
amateur anglers of fishing dude give
them something useful instead of smash
that what do you got
come on yeah I'm ready I got to drop
muggy efficient never stopped you got
the guys I'm a complete idiot i guess i
didn't charge my camera batteries last
night so this thing's on like point five
percent so i'm going to switch over to
the iphone we're at one of my favorite
places on earth
you guys know where that is cabela's she
wears a suspicion all upstairs is not
upstairs again again
wow so broke so last season I picked up
a pretty decent ice auger was like a
Strikemaster two-stroke i think it was
actually the laser mag I don't know
something i did or something happened to
the auger itself but it doesn't work
anymore so i need to pick up a new one
not going to get rid of the one that's
semi broken i'm just going to grab a new
one for now and probably like return
later but this one that got that got
this 4-stroke Strikemaster the
two-stroke this is the one that's not
working for me
this one has made a little bit
interested only because it's it's a
four-stroke probably a little more
expensive
unfortunately we'll see i don't know
torn between getting just maybe another
one of these are returning or trying to
force works if I like a little better
what is the status looking small I've
ever seen
she's what the help
the garden I missing eyeball not really
a marine biologist like that but i had
to guess i'd have to say that guards not
look into good for it doesn't look too
happy
what else you got your oh my golly the
scientist
[Music]
pass those tanks look freaking knowledge
up was passive deficit better days
I just gotta get some wine and then I'm
totally out of here i got the auger
which I really didn't want to get but i
kinda have to get then max I gotta get
line i got jigs and get some spoons I
should be good to go out of here in no
time
you got any TV but how are you going to
get from point A to point B to have a
trailer for it
well that's another gonna finish it here
with the trailer just side-by-side
actually like with the roof under there
was a decent deal on the balls
you're kidding me right
huh haha it's like four guys here and
stuff like that no one talks like and
take like in June's it's going to bite
here in Illinois and Texas ok don't be
so joking you're nice
that's not even did not pick some fruit
one of these I did I don't spend much
promise shot
I'm I what I know you think I'm kidding
but it's it's real
you did not just do that why did you get
that really that's what i understand
what if i told you i was already here
why are you doing this is not here
only instead of Bob hook okay okay I get
it
ah i did get something though was great
i got another auger Sam's auger and then
we've got my broken auger reverse
psychology each other so it's not as bad
right exactly how that work still work
now the third order in the ground he was
back to do a good job selling it
I'm getting pretty close to finishing
this video on a why it's taken me so
long i think im just like
procrastinating but in my opinion it
turned out pretty good
this video is from yesterday when Josh
airdog and I went out in Lake Michigan
and fished for go salmon steelhead and
also brown truck yesterday was probably
one of the most unique fishing and
filming days of my entire life
yo check this up right ready much even
outside fridge and it's so cold that
everything is pretty much just freezing
that's what the water looks like an
order now just completely frozen
it's frozen helps to turn the mic on
before you start talking to the camera
let's redo that you guys I'm so
incredibly excited for tomorrow so let's
just take a look at what I got today at
cabelas and see if you can maybe figure
out what i will be doing for tomorrow's
video first item and fifth item you
couldn't tell by those context clues i'm
in fact going ice fishing tomorrow
ice fishing is one of those things that
us northerners have the privilege of
experiencing for pretty much the whole
duration of winter have been fishing
since I was about four years old but I
didn't actually start ice fishing until
maybe I was 15 or 16 by earlier Natalie
13 or 14 I kind of gradually got into it
my dad was a huge fan of ice fishing
I don't necessarily blame them it's not
for everyone but I kinda had to get
myself into ice fishing whereas regular
fishing i had my grandparents helped me
get into my father helped me get into
have my mommy help me get into it like
everyone had a role in helping the unit
fishing by its mission was kind of one
of those things i had to go at it by
myself
normally i vas wish I liking like a
seven-foot medium-heavy I
sharad what am I swishing i use a 28
inch rod with an ultra-light action
basically is an essential stick i use
this rocket bluegill crappie sometimes
trout oftentimes bass you can catch
catfish with this rod to the is you can
catch pike
see the thing about ice fishing is that
you can target so many different types
of species with just one presentation
you know like a little tiny tiny jig and
you guys can see that paired up with
like let's say no or wax worm
I love ice fishing ice fishing is a lot
of fun and it's one of those things that
I could do pretty much every single day
not get burned on and that doesn't mean
that i couldn't new normal fishing in
general but for some reason I species
just fun because you can only do it kind
of a tiny gap whereas like I can go to
Texas right now in open water fish ice
fishing is only around in the wintertime
and I'm explaining this for those you
guys you don't really know much about
efficient because be truthful southern
dudes probably don't do this that much
or if they do it they only do it maybe
you know a few days out of the entire
year if you're visiting north which I
don't know why you do that you have in
Texas and Florida State in Texas before
there's no point to come up here right
there's a Swedish people anyway I've got
my vexilar overcharging i haven't used
this thing since last year it still
works as you can see then over here I've
got like my chicken sticks along with
maybe like one or two dead-stick rods
just for like that i was spoon rob this
is a pretty heavy spoon rod little rod
without a real on it
yeah but that's that's pretty much it i
just want to tell you guys that I'm
pretty stoked for the ice season this
year it's it's early is using this time
of year with kind in that in-between
area but it's in the negative so that
ice is pretty thick about five maybe six
inches
let me know if you guys are interested
in ice fishing videos i'm not going to
do all winter season long but it's kind
of fun to throw it in there I'm gonna
try to make it interesting to the point
where it's not like I'm going fishing
for bluegill into the ice today in the
next videos the same thing the next day
the same thing I want to kind of spice
things up before i sign on today's video
I want to ask you guys would you be
willing to participate little Q&A if I
did it now what I want to do in the
future is how you guys send me like
snapchats hit me up on Instagram
something like an Instagram video and
then i use that
you within the video so it's like more
interactive and it's just kind of core
is do this in the past and i kind of
want to re-amp it's get it back to life
but for whatever reason if you're
feeling bored shoot me a question or a
hilarious comment in the form of the
video and send it to snapchat Instagram
Instagram preferably so I could say that
I don't want to save snapshots do that
that'd be much appreciated
I wanna hear what you guys have to say
and I want to see in a unique way you
feel
you gotta say I'm done rambling right
now like super energetic as you want to
get in the ice punch the holes fish so
on that note I want to leave you guys
with this that being i hope you guys get
out there catch a bunch of fish this
holiday use this break time wisely i'm
sure a lot of you guys are done with
your finals that are happy that break is
here get out there do some ice fishing
do some open-water fishing trip some
lips use this time off to spend it with
your friends and family and get on the
water that's my biggest message to you
guys you guys have no idea how valuable
this time of year is you've got so much
time a large chunk of time to catch big
fish and enjoy with other people that's
my message for you guys gonna leave you
guys on that note thank you so much for
watching and as always keep fishing
never stop
[Music]
iran back here we're going to be
something different cause you look
freezing cold
let's go get some food let's just go
relax for a little bit and I'm far after
we caught here we have a sauna then we
have a brewery and and food and that's
what we do now we eat cheese and them
you know we that's what we do here we're
done fishing no more fishing what I'm
cold haha